David decided to go with his heart and
the result was a quantum leap in
wildlife program
there are some four million different
kinds of animals and plants in the world
four million different solutions to the
problems of staying alive this is the
story of how a few of them came to be as
they are what it did do for the first
time was it integrated in a satisfactory
way a very big story with David's
knack of presentation which bound the
whole thing together into unity in the
series David told the story of evolution
from the first fossilized signs of life
to the most complex living creatures
here at least we can get some idea of
what things may have been like when
their distant relatives the trial of
Lights swarmed in the seas of long ago
life on Earth was a continuous story
from program one right to the end of
program 13 and people were saying you
know halfway through the series you know
we don't want to stop watching this you
know we want to know what happens next
and and that's an amazing ability and
something that's quite I think quite
special the highlight of the series was
perhaps one of the most memorable
moments on British television
David's encounter with mountain gorillas
in Rwanda and this is how they spend
most of their time lounging on the
ground
sometimes they even allow others to join
in
there is more meaning and mutual
understanding and exchanging with plants
with a gorilla than any other animal I
know what sounds similar their sight
hearing sense of smell so similar to
ours that we see that one out in saying
my lady
you